Throttle ADR (#682)
cosmos/interchain-security: docs/architecture/adr-002-throttle.md

> # ADR 001: Key Assignment

Author: TODO: update doc with semantics changes from #687

### Throttling Invariant

Using on-chain params and the sub protocol defined, slash packet throttling is implemented such that the following invariant is maintained.

First, we define the following:

* A consumer initiated slash attack "starts" when the first slash packet from such an attack is received by the provider.
* The "initial validator set" for the attack is the set that existed when the attack started.
* There is a list of honest validators s.t if they are jailed, `X`% of the initial validator set will be jailed.
* The "final slashed validator" is the last element in the list of honest validators.

For the following invariant to hold, these assumptions must be true:

> * We assume the total voting power of the chain (as a function of delegations) does not increase over the course of the attack.

Author: TODO: look into Ivan's derivation

This invariant is useful because it allows us to reason about the time it takes to jail a certain percentage of the initial provider validator set from consumer initiated slash requests. For example, if `SlashMeterReplenishFraction` is set to 0.06, then it takes no less than 4 replenishment periods to jail 33% of the initial provider validator set on the Cosmos Hub. Note that as of writing this on 11/29/22, the Cosmos Hub does not have a validator with more than 6% of total voting power.

> Note also that 4 replenishment period is a worst case scenario that depends on well crafted attack timings.

Author: TODO: address the fact that unjailing or not does not break the invariant

> # ADR 001: Key Assignment

Author: Title

## Changelog

* 2023-01-26: Initial Draft

## Status

Accepted

## Context

> The CCV spec is based around the assumption that the provider binary and all consumers binaries are non-malicious, and follow the defined protocols. In practice, this assumption may not hold. A malicious consumer binary could potentially include code which is able to send many downtime or double signing packets at once to the provider.

Author: ```suggestion
The CCV spec is based around the assumption that the provider binary and all consumers binaries are non-malicious, and follow the defined protocols. In practice, this assumption may not hold. A malicious consumer binary could potentially include code which is able to send many slash/jail packets at once to the provider.
```
